Codepen link : https://codepen.io/Bajeeba/pen/BayqwVj



 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
It describes its meaning.<header><footer>
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Its a standard for describing the structure and presentation of information.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
Heading, we should only have 1.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
href, id, src, style
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 Title, description, keywords. 
    7. What is an id?
 Specifies a unique id for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
All
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
One time.
    10. What is a class? 
 is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any html element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you want. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
If you set the target attribute to "_blank", the link will open in a new browser window or a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id? 
with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? 
section means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas div does not.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page.
 We can select it by h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. Class can be used for a list, and ID can be used for a specific link, or
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
with a period first .h1 .h3
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property in CSS.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transformation:uppercase, text-transform:lowercase, text-transform:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
border:1px;
outline-style: dotted;
outline-color: black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
 /* , and end it with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Terminal promt
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
every time you add somehting new. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Git Flow
1. Fork
2. github repository settings -> add your TL as collaborator
3. git clone into a local file using your terminal
4. in terminal in cloned file create a branch -> git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
5. make a small change to project -> add -> commit -> git push origin firstname-lastname
6. go back to Github repo, click compare & pull request button
7. click base fork: dropdown -> select firstname-lastname/project-name
8. click reviewers button, add TL as collaborator NOTE: If TL name doesn't pop up when you type it in for reviewer it's because they haven't accepted your collaborator invite. DM them and ask them to accept.
9. click create pull request
10. DO NOT CLICK MERGE PULL REQUEST. TL’s will be the only person to do this, and will only do it after they have confirmed you’ve met MVP.
11. Head back over to your project and start working. add commit push origin firstname-lastname every time you finish a feature.
12. Once MVP is complete make a commit with the commit message “mvp complete.” And I’ll check it out.
13. Check your e-mail to see when request is merged.
Stretch Questions

   

   --> 